Remember how when we create in a raid automatically came with a whole lot of properties and methods
attached to it automatically.
Remember, we had the pop and we had the push and we had the links.
Well, let me just say that array methods can be grouped into three broad categories, and it's very
important for you to distinguish between it.
Otherwise, you might mess up your code and your daughter.
So the three broad categories are mutate to excess and iterated.
Mutated methods of those that mutate will alter the original array, so be very careful when working
with mutated methods.
Because what you do on that array will affect the original array.
You've got excess methods and they don't alter that right.
Doesn't mutate the original array.
It only creates a copy.
And then you can work with that copy and extract and do with that copy as you please.
And then finally, you've got iterations.
So a lot of the time with Dot, you actually wanting to loop through that dot, you wanting to extract
certain values and display it to use it?
It's we iterate has come into the picture.
Let's look at examples.
All three of these types of methods be.